so the game is on and all the link tunes
join forces to stop the evil aliens in a
universal space gym which still sounds
strange to me I don't know when I think
of space jam I think of that stuff they
used in Spaceballs to block out the
radar raspberry so all your favorites
are there for the lineup including bugs
Daffy pork eat as Elmer Lola Tweety
Marvin the wait a minute the fuck is
Lola oh wait wait wait I remember from
the classic Lola cartoons that you know
with the and the fossil Lola turns out
as a girl bunny they created to bring in
more of the female demographic
unfortunately they didn't really make
her fun silly goofy or zany in fact they
didn't give her any personality at all
they just tried to pose her off as some
sort of strange sex off which is kind of
weird because she is in fact arendt
she's not a person she's a rabbit if it
was a person maybe we'll make a little
bit more sense to make her a sex symbol
but she is in fact a rabbit why would I
will walk like a rabbit what sense does
that make rabbits aren't sexy rabbits
are food I mean look at her they dresser
and skimpy clothes then make her wear
short shorts oh and here's the biggest
insult involved they actually gave her
bunny boobies by boobies I mean what
kind of sick twisted / and actually
gives a cartoon character bunny movies I
mean if that Hasenpfeffer husky actually
has female genitalia what does it mean
the other two characters half oh we've
got balls okay all right let me make one
thing perfectly clear to all you mortar
bros representatives out there we don't
wanna fuck bite I can't believe I to say
this we don't want to fuck buddies I
mean we're people therefore we like to
fuck other people I'm sure there's some
small percentage of people out there
that like the fuck buddies but that
hardly seems like a very profitable
demographic I mean I put it to you have
you ever seen a bunny that you actually
had the hots for fat doesn't count ok so
saw from promoting bestiality two kids
the film also has the worst camera shots
in
entire world is to say they're all
extreme close-ups seriously I feel like
all the characters in this movie are
about to French me these shots are so
close I keep thinking the cameras gonna
hit him in the face like in the opening
of a ladder yo cuz I need you to come so
all the Looney Toon characters bugs
Daffy tez ho and so forth pretty much
give their animated asses handed to them
and trust me when I say no one is fair
do they just beat the shit out of granny
just beat the shit out of granny they
actually tackled punched and kicked an
innocent old lady who never harmed
anyone in her life can I see it again
one more time oh my god I can watch that
forever
but unfortunately the movie continues
and turns out that Michael Jordan and
his looney tunes are actually short one
player who could they possibly get oh no
bill what are you doing you still gotta
hurry toes perhaps I could be of some
assistance go get out there's still time
look you made it through larger than
life and he made it through the man who
knew too little but I just don't think
you can survive this this is why I was
born okay I'm gonna give you the name of
a director here is Sofia Coppola she's
kind of a newcomer but she has a lot of
promise just just think about it very
funny of course it comes down to a tie
game it's up to Michael Jordan to score
the final point but in a stunning turn
of events they actually don't win they
lose the game defining all cinematic
conventions Michael joining finds out
that he is an imperfect human being a
fallen hero he discovers the burden of
responsibility that having such great
power requires but he also finds that
strength comes from the mind and soul
and not just from a bike accomplishments
though not the happiest ending the film
teaches children that even in their
darkest moments you can always find
unity in yourself and that my friend is
the essex omega not just kidding he
makes the basket of it
so the windows get Michael back home
give the players back their talent a
return to being there phenomenally
unfunny cells but Jordan still has one
last thing to settle well you know he
doesn't play basketball them you know it
probably doesn't even have it anymore
guys so only one way to find out
OIC is because of the looney tunes and
Michael Jordan came back to basketball
this movie sucks I mean what were they
thinking and what a saint Asylum could
this movie possibly be considered good
any one of the amazing thing is this
movie actually had four writers for
writers and now one of the new that they
were running intergalactic pig shit I
mean can you imagine what the writing
section with these for morons was like I
see aliens I also see Michael Jordan
being sucked down a golf hole to win a
basketball game against bugs bunny
actually that explains a lot that's it
we're out of here I'm a nostalgia critic
I run my board so you don't have to
download that movie